docs(navigator): clarify multicopter Return behavior (#27610)
PX4/PX4-Autopilot: docs/en/flight_modes/return.md

| <a id="RTL_LAND_DELAY"></a>[RTL_LAND_DELAY](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#RTL_LAND_DELAY)       | Time to wait at `RTL_DESCEND_ALT` before landing (default: 0.5s) - by default this period is short so that the vehicle will simply slow and then land immediately. If set to -1 the system will loiter at `RTL_DESCEND_ALT` rather than landing. The delay is provided to allow you to configure time for landing gear to be deployed (triggered automatically).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | <a id="RTL_MIN_DIST"></a>[RTL_MIN_DIST](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#RTL_MIN_DIST)             | Within this distance from the home position, the return altitude is calculated from the "cone" rather than directly from `RTL_RETURN_ALT`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Author: Maybe use "return destination" instead of "home position", since the selected RTL destination may be home or a rally/safe point.

```suggestion
| <a id="RTL_MIN_DIST"></a>[RTL_MIN_DIST](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#RTL_MIN_DIST)             | Within this distance from the return destination, the return altitude is calculated from the "cone" rather than directly from `RTL_RETURN_ALT`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

| <a id="RTL_APPR_FORCE"></a>[RTL_APPR_FORCE](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#RTL_APPR_FORCE)       | [VTOL FW only] If set, home or rally-point RTL destinations are only considered when a valid VTOL approach loiter is defined for that landing location. Mission landing patterns are unaffected.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | <a id="COM_RC_OVERRIDE"></a>[COM_RC_OVERRIDE](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#COM_RC_OVERRIDE)    | Controls whether stick movement on a multicopter (or VTOL in MC mode) causes a mode change to [Position mode](../flight_modes_mc/position.md) (except when vehicle is handling a critical battery failsafe). This can be separately enabled for auto modes and for offboard mode, and is enabled in auto modes by default.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Author: This could be kept consistent with the note above, which now says "unless prevented by the active failsafe state".

```suggestion
| <a id="COM_RC_OVERRIDE"></a>[COM_RC_OVERRIDE](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#COM_RC_OVERRIDE)    | Controls whether stick movement on a multicopter (or VTOL in MC mode) causes a mode change to [Position mode](../flight_modes_mc/position.md) (unless prevented by the active failsafe state). This can be separately enabled for auto modes and for offboard mode, and is enabled in auto modes by default.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
```
